hey guys Greg medicine Medford I'm holy
smokes we just got back from SHOT Show
last Friday we basically took two days
of everybody to recover and just take
our heads and say holy smokes Monday
I've been interviewed since money was
today today's Thursday I've hired a
couple new guys so we have three new
guys in the shack three right now we're
looking for probably four more guys it's
getting a little wild down here we've
got the new annex is opening up here
pretty soon we've got a lot of neat
things going on I think we've got some
cool surprises for you guys he's got
some really cool stuff going on I'm
really excited the 187 line was really
well received want to do a quick video
for Darnell of the JV tactical he's got
a cool badge knives now Darnell talked
to me and he was really the impetus for
the development of the art team gun he's
like hey Greg you know he's like great
you know i love the tff one but i was
thinking about maybe doing a little more
ice friendly hard goose night but I was
like okay so I started drawing and
modifying and tweaking a little bit
talking to on the phone sent him some
pictures and he really liked it he's
actually in the first batch of these
nine I know we've had a couple of custom
as we've been sorting out making that
we've had a couple of one-offs go out to
guys but he
get the first batch of fully fully
evolved artigas here they here we go
let's take a look at his order he's got
now we're going to drive for Darnell
crazy because things are sometimes shift
around a little bit I've got six I've
got five here black oxide and just bead
blasted titanium with fresh ground
finger grooves on them he's a really
really nice knives you guys I've been
through these myself extensively a they
are fantastic hard use badass knives and
I've got five here that have various to
hit a little more heavily like heavily
stone wash so lightly stone washing the
blackhawks I'm here I'm sure on camera
they all look about the same so these
knives you guys really really nice lock
up really nice detail really tough early
lock up hard you schools with the ice
chipper on the end he's also got three
Vipers going out three Vipers to a
straight black oxide one with a gentle
tumbled black oxide which I am just in
love with and these are fantastic night
you guys tough tough knives
that's a good one
pitiful it's just a monster knife
and
Oh
Oh home man this thing is like a friggin
machine gun Oh anyways he's got three
Vipers pompton you guys for those of you
who want some fibers there's not a lot
of these foot around in the world
available on the open market so a really
bad a really nice batch tonight I'm mad
as a it doesn't look like much you guys
are so much work that's gone that they
know so much handwork so much attention
to detail and since their early in the
run they've been in my hands a bunch of
times of course I sharpen the ball but I
did a lot of a final fit easy on them
and then Paul robber and Tyler have all
been on he's with me it's just been been
mayhem so these are really nice and
Darnell I know they've been slow getting
to you but we're really tickled to get
them off to you we're really proud of
them they're good knives of course you
guys called Darnell fastened ad JP
tactical they're open Canada so crazy
Americans trying to get him to God I
have him right now you're gonna pay for
them going to candidate coming back here
but all you Canucks up there you'll be
able to call Darnell over a day being
get them right away anyways don't freeze
your asses off there it's got to be
friggin cold up there I I on a t-shirt
yesterday i went up i did some sporting
clays shooting at lunch in my t-shirt
nice and then you know today I uh I
don't know be sure to work t-shirt in
and out of here it's why we're in
Arizona this is the calm before the
storm though because come about June it
gets hotter and held down here anyways
JV tacticals got a bunch nine straight
never met for not I'm out